# FPGA Oscilloscope

This project explores how to build an oscilloscope in digital logic using an
FPGA.

## How to Build the Project

This project uses a Tcl script to generate all of the Xilinx Vivado project
files. To use the script, open Xilinx Vivado and select
`Tools > Run Tcl Script...`, then select the `generate_project.tcl` script in
the file explorer. The script will run and produce the Vivado project by
importing all of the project sources.

If the `proj/` directory already exists, then the script will not be able to
create the project because a project already exists in the `proj/` directory.
The `proj/` directory can be safely deleted at any time because it can be
entirely regenerated.

## Project Structure

By default, this project assumes the following structure.

    proj/
    src/
     | constraints/
     | hdl/
     | ip/
     | repo/
     | sim/
    tcl/

The `proj/` directory contains all of the Vivado project files that are
generated by the script. The `proj/` directory can then safely be ignored by a
version control system, because it can always be regenerated.

The `src/` directory contains all of the project source files. The constraints
`.xdc` files go in the `src/constaints/` directory, and the HDL source files go
in the `src/hdl/` directory. The simulation files go in the `src/sim/`
directory. The `src/ip/` contains all of the generated IP files. Special care
must be taken when generating IP files in Vivado.

*   The output directory must be `src/ip/`
*   Core containers **cannot** be used

The reason that these rules exist is that when IP is loaded, all IP matching the
pattern `src/ip/**/*.xci` are loaded.

The `src/repo/` path is set as the `ip_repo_paths` variable.

The `tcl/` directory contains extra Tcl scripts that are hooked into the build
and are run at various steps.

**NOTE**: All of these directories are optional. If the script cannot find them,
then they will be silently skipped. Their associated filesets (if any) will
still be created, but they will be empty.
